     In these ever evolving and changing times; that try to overwhelm, and eliminate the competition; or altogether drive you crazy, making things seem worse than they really are, trying to drive you out of business by bilking you, your company, your employees, and clientele, there is a solution. Just like the emerging black hat hack ops, voodoo economics, and the uneven, unfair playing field, there are ever changing: fair, level, rational, even, ways to protect you, your company, and employees-your assets. I hesitate to say that secure, safe and reliable internet transactions will end all your woes, though the translation into the business world, internet and security has a valuable place. It already works, internet and transactions, the shift, and the design to create a culture of security within  an organization, comes from society as well; due to criminals and misconceptions. 
     I would like to create a security infrastructure design document for your organization. I believe you may have found yourself in a role, where you need to design and influence a culture of security within an organization. The security services and tools you describe can be met for the needs of the organization. You are involved in a small, but growing, employee base, with 50 employees in one small office. The company is an online retailer of the world's finest artisanal, hand-crafted widgets. You have brought us on as a security consultant to help bring your operations into better shape. The company is asking for An external website permitting users to browse and purchase widgets; an internal intranet website for employees to use; secure remote access for engineering employees; reasonable, basic firewall rules; wireless coverage in the office; and reasonably secure configurations for laptops.
     I would like to create a security infrastructure design document for your organization. I would like a plan that meets your organization's requirements, and I believe the following elements should be incorporated into your plan, to keep your company intact, adaptable, and competitive, from future attacks:  authentication system; external website security; internal website security; remote access solution; firewall and basic rules recommendations; wireless security; VLAN configuration recommendations; laptop security configuration; application policy recommendations; security and privacy policy recommendations; intrusion detection or prevention for systems  containing customer data. What does this mean for your company exactly?
     The authentication system-; the external website security-; internal website security-; remote access solution-; firewall and basic rules recommendations-; wireless security-; vlan configuration recommendations-; laptop security configuration-; application policy recommendations-; security and privacy policy recommendations-; intrusion detection and or prevention for systems containing customer data-. 



     In these ever evolving and changing times; that try to overwhelm, and eliminate the competition; or altogether drive you crazy, making things seem worse than they really are, trying to drive you out of business by bilking you, your company, your employees, and clientele, there is a solution. Just like the emerging black hat hack ops, voodoo economics, and the uneven, unfair playing field, there are ever changing: fair, level, rational, sane, even, ways to protect you, your company, and employees-your assets. I hesitate to say that secure, safe and reliable internet transactions will end all your woes, though the translation into the business world, internet and security has a valuable place. It already works, internet and transactions, the shift, and the design to create a culture of security within an organization, comes from society as well; due to criminals or a criminal mind set and misconceptions. 
     I would like to create a security infrastructure design document for your organization. I believe you may have found yourself in a role, where you need to design and influence a culture of security within an organization. The security services and tools you describe can be met for the needs of the organization. You are involved in a small, but growing, employee base, with 50 employees in one small office. The company is an online retailer of the world's finest artisanal, hand-crafted widgets. You have brought us on as a security consultant to help bring your operations into better shape. The company is asking for An external website permitting users to browse and purchase widgets; an internal intranet website for employees to use; secure remote access for engineering employees; reasonable, basic firewall rules; wireless coverage in the office; and reasonably secure configurations for laptops. 
     I would like to create a security infrastructure design document for your organization. I would like a plan that meets your organization's requirements, and I believe the following elements should be incorporated into your plan, to keep your company intact, adaptable, and competitive, from, future attacks:  an authentication system; external website security; internal website security; remote access solution; firewall and basic rules recommendations; wireless security; VLAN- What does Virtual Local Area Network (VLAN) mean? A virtual local area network (VLAN) is a logical group of workstations, servers and network devices that appear to be on the same LAN despite their geographical distribution configuration recommendations; laptop security configuration; application policy recommendations; security and privacy policy recommendations; intrusion detection or prevention for systems containing customer data. What does this mean for your company exactly?
     As for a secured website, using vulnerability and prevention or intrusion software, to detect and prevent malware, to safely contain customer data.  Also VLAN configuration recommendations, encryption of the information from end to end; along with powerful web application firewalls (WAF)-filtering out any issues. We suggest doing the same for your companies intranet, with tight access controls in the administration levels. An separate intranet, and VLAN or a virtual private network (VPN) for secure remote access for your engineers; all with the reasonable basic firewall rules.  Wireless security- The reason WEP is still used is likely either because the network administrator hasn't changed the default security on their wireless routers or because the device is too old and therefore doesn't support newer encryption methods like WPA. Just as WPA replaced WEP, WPA2 has replaced WPA as the most current security protocol; we suggest WPA2; with tight access controls, and your firewalls. On any and all access points we recommend two factor authentication, except for maybe in the office where wireless access will have complex passwords, and encrypted; also access to certain documents and application are on a need to know and use basis, limiting access, narrows down accountability.  We are almost complete we have secured the system, and disseminated the the firewall rules, now to set in plans for actions in case of any attacks, or mishaps and have teams that will be responsible for working together to keep you, the employees, the site, your internet, your wireless, your servers, and your networks safe.     
     
     
     
     
1 point

      
